#Split Rift Pitch
	The project, which I've dubbed Split Rift, is a moderately complex turn based text game. The resulting game should provide a compelling, interactive, and unique experience each time the game is played. A strong story should be told by displaying vivid descriptions of scenarios and scenes that can then be explored using basic text commands. On top of that, dialogue, specifically making decisions on what to say to non-playing characters, will feature heavily in moment to moment gameplay. Finally, an element of randomness will be utilized to keep the game fresh and unique ensuring high re-playability.
	The game should also be able to persist a session across instances of the app. This implies that an individual play-through of a game is long enough to justify taking a break and then resume some time later. The game should also allow for different games to be selected and run when the program is started. 
	When it comes to implementation, the goal is to build a fairly generic text and turn based program. Ideally this means that no part of the narrative is hardcoded into the game, rather the structure of the game dictates what text is loaded from a narrative file and when it is presented to the user. This gives the intriguing possibility that even after the software is shipped users could make their own games by writing a narrative file. This would be ambitious feature that I’m wary of committing too, but it’s certainly an exciting idea. Aside from this possible feature, I anticipate a fairly straightforward, object oriented design, that makes use of vectors, inheritance, file IO, and (hopefully) templates throughout the project.
	During the design and development of the project I want a playable prototype as quickly as possible. This will allow me to assess how good the game is fairly early in the development process so that tweaks can be made as quickly as possible.
